[Identity] Error name alignment (#14690)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-js: sdk/identity/identity/CHANGELOG.md

## 2.0.0-beta.2 (Unreleased)

> - Breaking change: Renamed errors `CredentialUnavailable` to `CredentialUnavailableError`, and `AuthenticationRequired` to `AuthenticationRequiredError`, to improve the readability of these exported classes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Breaking change: Renamed errors `CredentialUnavailable` to `CredentialUnavailableError`, and `AuthenticationRequired` to `AuthenticationRequiredError`, to align with the naming convention used for error classes in the Azure SDKs in JavaScript.
```
